Road networks are extremely vulnerable to cas-
cading failure caused by traffic accidents or anomalous events.
Therefore, accurate identification of critical nodes, whose failure
may cause a dramatic reduction in the road network transmission
efficiency, is of great significance to traffic management and
control schemes.

we propose a novel data-driven framework to rank
node importance through mining from comprehensive vehicle
trajectory data,

In this framework, we introduce a trip network
modeled by a tripartite graph to characterize the dynamics
of the road network. Furthermore, we present two algorithms,
integrating the origin-destination entropy with flow (ODEF)
algorithm and the crossroad-rank (CRRank) algorithm, to better
exploit the information included in the tripartite graph and to
effectively assess the node importance.

ODEF presents a new global
centrality measure inspired by information entropy. Moreover,
it strikes a proper balance between the traffic volume and the centrality of a node to assess its significance,

CRRank is also a variant of the eigenvector centrality measure.

It implicates a mutually reinforcing concept: a heavy-load
trip is likely to choose popular paths and a popular path is
likely to be chosen by a heavy-load trip. Similarly, a popular
path is likely to traverse many important intersections and an
important intersection is likely to be traversed by many popular
paths.


II. R ELATED W ORK

A. Evaluation of Node Importance

1) the local centrality measure,
2) global centrality measure, 
3) eigenvector centrality, and
4) node removing.

1)))the more direct neighbors a node has, the more important it is.
	The semi-local centrality considers the number of both direct
	and indirect neighbors of a node in a limited area.

drawback:not good results

2)))The works in the second
category sought to evaluate the importance of a node from
a global network perspective.

betweenness centrality of a node, which is the ===> number of the shortest paths that pass through this node for
every pair of nodes

drawback:However, it is difficult to apply the global centrality over a
large scale network due to their inherent high complexity.

3))))The most relevant methods to our work are the third category of
methods, which consider not only the number of neighboring
nodes but also their relative importance.
eg:HITs [10], PageRank [11],
LeaderRank [12], and SALSA [13]

drawback:due to the homogeneous degree distribution of the road network, these methods cannot be directly applied.

4))))The last category of
methods evaluates the node importance by following the two
steps: 1) remove the node from the network, 2) measure the
decline rate of the network efficiency

drawback:faces the high computing cost, and cannot be extended to large
networks.

IN ALL WE ARE neglecting some critical structural features

B) DATA DRIVEN ROAD NETWORK

inference model that combined road network data, points of interests,
and massive taxi trajectories to infer the functional regions in a city was proposed.

dicover the bottleneck of road networks using the corresponding taxi
trajectories

PCA-based algorithm was presented to identify the link anomalies, and then an optimization technique was used to infer the traffic flow that produced the traffic anomalies


FRAMEWORK:
what is a critical node?
a node is critical if its failure could lead
to a dramatic reduction in the transmission efficiency of the
entire network as well as the failure of numerous other nodes.

the importance of a node can be determined
by its capacity and centrality

The capacity indicator of a node can be measured approximately by calculating its traffic volume,

A data driven framework based on the comprehensive vehicle trajectories and geographic information of the road network to identify the significant nodes.

FRAMEWORK:
A. Information Extraction
(map matching algo)
GPS trajectories that refer to their geospa-
tial coordinate readings (longitude and latitude) with their
sampling timestamps.


B.Trip Network Analysis
To construct the tripartite graph, we need to collect the OD-pairs and paths.All the valid OD-pairs can be obtained according to which region
the origin road and the destination road of each raw trip are
falling in.


METHODOLOGY:
A. Tripartite Graph of Trip Network

where S, P and V represent the sets of the nodes
corresponding to valid OD-pairs, paths, and intersections,
respectively; |S|, |P| and |V | are the number of nodes in these
three categories, respectively; W denotes the adjacency matrix
corresponding to the OD-pair-path edges; the entry w s, p of W
is the size of flow on path p from OD-pair s; U denotes the
adjacency matrix corresponding to the path-intersection edge.
If p contains the intersection v, u p,v equals 1; otherwise, u p,v
equals 0. Next, we describe the two algorithms for the node
importance ranking based on the tripartite graph.


B.The ODEF Algorithm
To evaluate the centrality of the nodes and locate
the traffic hub, we introduce the concept of OD entropy. And
then we integrate the OD entropy with the traffic flow to calculate importance ratings of each node.
where entropy means: entropy is a measure of the unpredictability or the amount of information from a message source



["MapSum", "insert", "sum", "insert", "sum"]
[[], ["aa",3], ["a"], ["aa",2], ["a"]]